whats up guys its animal of 16 here and
um dang my and realizes my voice does
sound somewhat more deeper but um yeah
guys so we're here with some more
advanced warfare wolf a weepy a more
fair and so I'm just showing you guys
like what I've unlocked i'm going to
show you guys like how to make a mmm if
you have nothing you can think of to
make and you're just really bad at
making emblems no offense so you guys
how you make emblems is going on to
operator going on to where you get where
you play your card emblems and boom and
show I meet this little ten percent one
you guys but screw that i'm gonna make
an AW one my thing is going to be a
bunch of easy ones because you know just
how I am don't like doing stuff it's
hard on black ops 2 dang see my emblems
I'm that okay I just have to figure out
how it makes this look perfect where's
the W
so really that easy let's do it
somewhere the color use the black ops
who feel like
hey guys i'm just going to show you guys
how to like make this one just feel like
dude script let's go into this one now
you're going to want to get a square and
then you're going to want to make it
somewhat like a rectangle something like
that then you may want to press the
start button then boom you have the
outline of your battery and I guess you
could just copy that press start again I
just do this make it look somewhat like
a battery and then you don't want to
push straight again and if you want to
make it red go down to like the middle
to make it look better if you want to
take a clear the exact same thing but
I'm not going to do that and this one
I'm just going to make it white make it
fifty percent
yeah you have to make it cash perfect
looks like if I have going to type 50
pieces Oh who really cares currently
long as I can get this at home for you
guys you guys really happy right now
then I actually made something that
looks like a percent by never knew their
portion that kind of ticked because I
was like I could I wish I could quit
bitching and I took more time and make
these small then that's technically it I
mean it's not the best but at least is
something but what I did with my I made
somewhat more funnier like you know how
people get really mad when their phones
to down to five percent there's like
yeah what did tickets this is
technically it oh yeah guys oh my gosh
it's not the best obviously you guys
thank you for watching make it more um
cod advanced warfare your stuff in the
meantime so yeah guys hit that subscribe
button like the video if you liked helps
my channel she is bye